docs(aws-lambda): add new disable_https field (#5486)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/_index.md

## Changelog

**{{site.base_gateway}} 3.3.x**

> * Added a `disable_https` configuration field to support http connection to lambda service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `disable_https` configuration field to support HTTP connections to a lambda service.
```
